[Music]
hello to all the locos addicted to
xd sex I am your faithful friend mighty x
bringing you my first video of the gta san
andreas to know what happens when
you paint all the graffiti of the saints
good surely during the missions
to go up you asked yourself what the hell
wants the fucking suite to paint the
graffiti I'm going to take thousands of years
looking for the fucking graffiti besides ni
they even say that I'm going to get if
I paint them fucking fucking game more
fuck what they got you in the ass
xddddd good without further detours we go with my
compadre cj I will lend my voice
because it is fucking x hello to
I am all CJ and today I will show you what
happens when you paint the 100 graffiti
true if you wonder why I 'm not
in group street is because I wanted to move
here xd is a more decent house but that
we hope we go there
well how do you see this is my new house
now I tell you because I moved here
but wait let's go to my garage so
see my ass I say vehicle xd
to
there is my red ferrari and my motorcycle
italika xd but I will not use them because I
steal another in red x of good we go
there
oh I forgot to put the location of the
last graffiti
here you are graffiti conchudo xd
well let's go down I say paint it
hahaha, well maybe you
ask what I did with my other house is
true that as you did to your house the
saw the rents you the most you the
You abandoned what you did , I gave it to
my pet but you do not have a pet
I already have it and five with is that
it's like you do not know who it is if it's the
most famous short heads mascot in san
andreas I have no idea no mames is
idiot pikachu I do not know how the hell came
I only know that one day it opened in heaven
a trans dimensional hole and the we
He looked for his pokémon south ascat trainer
I say that you loved me and since there is not
or he found me and taught him to talk
to shit to kill to steal and electrocute
people and then like at night I
electrocuted by h I left the house and I
I moved where I live now
[Music]
well we have come to not here is not it
a few meters later xd
let's paint the last graffiti
[Music]
it's good that I load my paint spray
Graffiti grabs the families
we are the masters of the saints
yesiii we paint all the graffiti now
we go to pikachu's house to see what happened
wait there let me change to the
radio that I do not want to hear reggaeton I want
listen to the music a long time ago
better good but get nitrox damn
motorcycle I want to get home from
pikachu to finish the video
[Music]
good after finishing the video mail
of the brothel to rape me to one of the
cloud whores x must because safe
that pikachu is angry because he does not
I visited last week that was his
birthday x must must be until the
mother I did not even buy her some
croquettes or pokemon sandwiches hahahaha
but because I laugh he is more silent
that could kill me just by flipping
see him
shit to be the iron sun and the
I was affected by my way of driving
I do not even remember where the
left and to where the right xp
bastard I hit the car clear that not you
you touched me idiot in the night I'll cut you
the cock and I will feed it to sweet
xd because I already had my bags full
giving me orders the whole story
move you son whore give me space fucking
to suck your mother's shit is already
finished the music I think I'll have to
continue with the video without xd music but
well, we're almost home to pica
suck I say pikachu the one that itches and you
says chu xddddd but what a joke
Funny, I'm the cock, it's not true that
there is more bad and who cares
comment to the public fuck is right
I can not even go into an alley anymore
x well at last we arrived
hahaha pikachu I leave my money
always 3 thousand 745 dollars let's look at his
garage hehehe he has a lamborghini and
a good blue sick car let's get in now
let's see what happened
but what is this, yes, and there are weapons in me
home
yesiii
and there's an ak-47 19 a shotgun cut out
and a good cocktail-molotov friends that has
been the end of the video now if I
allow me to go to sleep was a long
I hope I'm not pikachu
what good is not home now yes
I will sleep at ease but what the fuck is going to
pay
if you want to know what happened to cj see the
next video in process gta san andreas
pikachu jumps into action well that has
been everything I say goodbye giving them a
Merry Christmas and telling them there will be a
Christmas special titled Gta San
andreas the nintendo christmas good that
that's it
subscribe comments and until my next
chao video
[Music]